Update install and invite, add patreon and disclaimer. (#89)
TwitchIO/TwitchIO: docs/twitchio.rst

Support
---------------------------
For support using TwitchIO, please join the official `support server
<https://discord.gg/RAKc3HF>`_ on `Discord <https://discordapp.com/>`_.

> `Become a patreon <https://twitchio.readthedocs.io/en/rewrite/twitchio.html>`_ and help support TwitchIO's development <3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Become a patreon <https://www.patreon.com/twitchio>`_ and help support TwitchIO's development <3.
```

Author: That's weird, I swear I copied that one. Thanks for fixing it :)

Reviewer: It should also be `patron` instead of `patreon`, seems my edit didn't make it.

Author: Sorted and added coauthor manually.
